README.md, before:

# Serverless Boilerplate Template

This repository is a collection of serverless boilerplate templates designed to expedite the process of starting new projects. It serves as a convenient resource for developers who frequently work on serverless architectures. At first, when I start using serverless, there's quite a things that need to configure, hence this boilerplate template comes in. 

You might have different ways to structurized and naming the folder and that is totally fine and okay :). 

But this is the structure that I think the most easy for me to start a project.

## Instructions

For utilities and clients, I divide it into different folder (see clients and utilities folder) so that you will be able to choose on what kind of clients or utilities that you need. I'll add in the utils that I commonly used.
Please remember to install the necessary package when you copy the utilities and clients.

For utitlies, You can copy and paste the according file either in typescript or normal javascript and put it inside the `utilities/utils` folder under `src` folder.

While for clients, I would suggest you to put under `src` folder, named `clients` folder

Bear in mind that the clients and utilities might not be complete and cover all the use case.

Feel free to make a pull request to improve the clients or utilities!

## Included templates

- CommonJS
- CommonJS + Webpack

## Contributions:

We welcome contributions from the community! If you have a serverless boilerplate template that you frequently use and would like to share, please feel free to submit a pull request. Together, we can expand this repository and make it an even more valuable resource for developers working on serverless projects.

Get started today with our serverless boilerplate templates and accelerate your projects!

Commit message:

Update README for commonly used extension

README.md, after:

# Serverless Boilerplate Template

This repository is a collection of serverless boilerplate templates designed to expedite the process of starting new projects. It serves as a convenient resource for developers who frequently work on serverless architectures. At first, when I start using serverless, there's quite a things that need to configure, hence this boilerplate template comes in.

You might have different ways to structurized and naming the folder and that is totally fine and okay :).

But this is the structure that I think the most easy for me to start a project.

## Table of Content

- [Instructions](#instructions)
- [Included Templates](#included-templates)
- [Extensions Used in VS Code](#extensions-used-in-vs-code)
- [Contributions](#contributions)

## Instructions

For utilities and clients, I divide it into different folder (see clients and utilities folder) so that you will be able to choose on what kind of clients or utilities that you need. I'll add in the utils that I commonly used.
Please remember to install the necessary package when you copy the utilities and clients.

For utitlies, You can copy and paste the according file either in typescript or normal javascript and put it inside the `utilities/utils` folder under `src` folder.

While for clients, I would suggest you to put under `src` folder, named `clients` folder

Bear in mind that the clients and utilities might not be complete and cover all the use case.

Feel free to make a pull request to improve the clients or utilities!

## Included templates

- CommonJS
- CommonJS + Webpack

## Extensions Used in VS Code

- [CloudFormation Snippets](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dannysteenman.cloudformation-yaml-snippets)
- [ESLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint)
- [Prettier](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode)
- [IAM Legend](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=SebastianBille.iam-legend)
- [YAML](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.vscode-yaml)

## Contributions:

We welcome contributions from the community! If you have a serverless boilerplate template that you frequently use and would like to share, please feel free to submit a pull request. Together, we can expand this repository and make it an even more valuable resource for developers working on serverless projects.

Get started today with our serverless boilerplate templates and accelerate your projects!
